1. What is npm?
ans : so npm is package manager. package is nothing just piece of javascript code written by other developer to implement new features in our app.
So npm taks is to manage all the packages that our project is rely on. if you want to use any package you have to installed it first then 
it will show in our package.json file and then you can easily use that with npm commands.

2. What is parcel/webpack ? Why do we need it? 
ans : So these are the javascript bundlers. In our web application or a app, we seperate our code into seperate files because it makes our code more manageble or readble,
but in production, serving our code into various file may cause our website or app very slow. So in this case bundlers are the tool used to combined our files into a single file
for production ready app. it do lots of things as well like,
-> Creating a development server
-> Minify our code
-> It has hot module replacement
-> It has file watcher algorithm
-> Image optimization
-> Managing ports
-> Enable Https 
-> Cleaning our code and so many things


3. what is .parcel-cache ?
ans : '.parcel-cache' is the folder that holds the information of our code. In case you made a few changes in your app and created a build so parcel keeps track the only changes 
that you have made in your app and with parcel-cache folder parcel takes the previour information and coverted into a build folder.

4. What is npx ? 
ans : npx stands for node package executable, suppose we want to use any packages for just one time in our app, so in this case instead of using npm, we use npx because when you use npm
your package is installed in you app. but in case of npx it allows us to execute a package without even installing it before. example :
we use 'npx create-react-app <app name>' here, we use npx becuase in developing a app cycle we create our app only one time thats why we use npx instead of npm.

5. What is the difference between 'devdependencies' and 'dependencies' ?
ans: dependency : Those package which is required to run your app and that is required on server as well, then you have to installed packages as dependency.
devdependencies : Those package which is required for just our development phase like parcel and all stuff , then you have to installed packages as devdependencies.

6. List down your favorite 5 superpowers of Parcel and describe any 3 of them in your own word.
ans : Image optimization : Parcel Optimize our all media file like images, videos etc
	Development Server : Parcel creates a development server for rendering our development ready app
	File watcher : It has file watcher algorithm, it keeps tracking all changes in our files including node modules, and reload the browser when it gets even a small changes as well in our file.
	Bundled file : Parcel bundles our all file into a single file for production ready app
	Minify : It minify our code to with reducing the number console.log and some unwanted stuff.

7. why should you not modified the package-lock.json?
ans : Package-lock.json keeps track all the exact version of all packages that your app currently using. so in case some package update comes then with the help of package-lock.json
you can easily get a idea what exact version of package you are using.

8. What is 'node_modules' ? Should you push that on git? 
ans : Node modules is folders that holds all the packages code that you are using in your app. this folder is so heavy so it is good practice not to put this folder on github.
becuase at the end of day you can re-generate this folder with the help of package-lock.json.

9. what is 'dist' folder ? 
ans : dist folder holds the all minified version of your application code file. it contains the combined file for production ready app. and this folder is generated by parcel.

10. What is the difference between ^ and ~ sign? 
ans : When you see ^ sign in your packages it means your packages auto update when minor and patche updated comes. but it not updates the major version of your package like,
"parcel " : "2.8.1 " if patch update comes than it will auto updated like "2.8.2", and if major updated comes then it will auto updated like "2.9.1". but when you see ~ sing in your
packages then it just updates the patch updates . and that is the main difference .

11. What is browserlist ? 
ans : It is a package used for make your app compatible for your browsers.


12 . What is tree shaking ? 
ans : In production builds, Parcel analyzes your import and exports and remove dead code. dead code is the code that is not used in your app.

13. What is HMR Hot Module Replacement ?
ans : When you makes changes in our app . by default Parcel, rebuild changed files and update your app browser. but sometime parcel uses Hot module replacement. HMR improves the development experience by updating the module in the browser at runtime without needing the a whole page refresh. example:

Css changes are automatically applied via HMR with no page reload.

14. What is .gitignore? What should we add not add into it?
ans: We should add those files and folder that is re generated on server like node modules and .parcel-cache . and we should not add those files and folder that is required on server and It will not re generated like package-lock.json and package.json.


